h1. What's this?

This plugin allows you to put updates similar to the "Growl":http://growl.info/ updates on Mac OS X on web pages very easily. Put your applications updates unintrusively, letting the user know what is happening. <b>To learn how to use growl-prototype,  refer to the "Usage Wiki Page":http://wiki.github.com/prtksxna/growl-prototype/usage</b>


h2. Installation/Usage

growl-prototype includes Prototype Javascript framework, version 1.6.0.2 and script.aculo.us v1.8.1. New versions can be obtained from the links provided below.

To use include all the files @lib@ folder and the @src@ folder. You can put your own images and sounds in the @src/media@ folder.

To load @growl-prototype.js@, add the following to the HEAD of your page or optionally to the end of the BODY to increase efficiency and loading time - 

<pre style="background: #EBF1F4;border: 1px solid #DDD;">
  <script src="/javascripts/prototype.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/javascripts/scriptaculous.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/javascripts/png-fix.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/javascripts/growl.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
</pre>

For detailed instructions, refer to the "Usage Wiki Page":http://wiki.github.com/prtksxna/growl-prototype/usage


h2. The Distribution

All the files related to growl-prototype are in the @src@ folder. The files that its dependent on is in the @lib@ folder.

To get started and see the basic usage see the test folder. It has examples and usage of the different options provided by growl-prototype.


h2. License

Growl for Prototype, "growl-prototype" is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

<pre style="background: #EBF1F4;border: 1px solid #DDD;">
  Copyright (c) 2009 Prateek Saxena

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
  files (growl-prototype), to deal in growl-prototype without
  restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
  copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of it, and to permit persons to whom it
  is furnished to do so, subject to the following
  conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
  OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
  HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>


h2. Dependencies

# "Prototype":http://github.com/sstephenson/prototype/tree/master
# "Scriptaculous":http://github.com/madrobby/scriptaculous/tree/master
# "PNG Fix for IE":http://gist.github.com/17216 by "Staaky":http://github.com/staaky